---
author: phwl
comments: true
date: 2020-03-07 15:22:50 AEDT
title: Hard disk replacement for a mid-2011 iMac
classes: wide
categories:
- electronics
tags:
- repair
header:
  teaser: /assets/images/2020/03/imac6.jpeg
---

Today on the operating table we have a mid-2011 iMac with a dead hard disk.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/03/imac7.jpeg" caption="" %}


<!-- more -->

# Hardware

I didn't want to repair this mid-2011 iMac at first since Apple no
longer supports this machine with operating system updates. However,
I always liked the design, display and speakers in an iMac (even
though it runs hot and noisy and is a pain to repair). I managed
to find an old 2TB Seagate Barracuda disk so thought I'd fix it 
and declutter my workbench.

iFixit has a set of instructions (
<https://www.ifixit.com/Guide/iMac+Intel+27-Inch+EMC+2429+Hard+Drive+Replacement/7555>),
but you don't need so many steps.

The non-obvious step is how to open the case. It is held in with magnets
and you need a glass lifter remove the front glass assembly. Mine was from
Harbour Freight <https://www.harborfreight.com/dual-cup-suction-lifter-46134.html>. Try not to touch the internal glass surfaces as you'll have to clean 
them afterwards!


{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/03/imac1.jpeg" caption="" %}

There are 4 screws down each vertical edge of the display assembly
(8 in total). Remove those with tweezers and a T10 Torx driver.
The display assembly fits tightly in the case. I used a right
angle pick to get under the assembly and first lift up the top left
hand side, and then the top right hand side.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/03/imac2.jpeg" caption="" %}

Next remove the connector for the shortest cable so you can tilt the display.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/03/imac3.jpeg" caption="" %}

Prop open the macbook.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/03/imac4.jpeg" caption="" %}

Remove the the two 
T20 screws that secure the hard disk assembly to the iMac and remove
the connectors.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/03/imac5.jpeg" caption="" %}

Hard disk assembly can come out now.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/03/imac6.jpeg" caption="" %}

Replace the drive and put everything back together.  After I did
this, of course the display didn't work. Had to unassemble the
machine again, play around with the display connector, and it
came alive!

# Operating System
Next you need to download the High Sierra image (the latest version
of MacOS that supports this machine) <https://support.apple.com/en-au/HT208969>
and create a bootable USB. Then boot from the USB and install to the hard disk. 

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/03/imac8.jpeg" caption="" %}
