---
author: phwl
comments: true
date: 2020-03-22 20:22:50 AEDT
title: John Moyle Memorial Field Day 2020
slug: John Moyle Memorial Field Day 2020
classes: wide
categories:
- amateur radio
tags:
- hobbies
- australia
- travel
header:
  teaser: /assets/images/2020/03/jmfd5.jpeg
---
The [Manly Warringah Radio Society](https://www.mwrs.org.au/) activated
Barrington Tops in the John Moyle Memorial Field Day this year.

<!-- more -->

A 40m dipole and an 80m off center fed dipole was used this year. This is
the 40m one.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/03/jmfd1.jpeg" caption="" %}

I operated for a while with Ross logging.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/03/jmfd2.jpeg" caption="" %}

From left to right, Andrew (VK2EAH),`Tim (VK2BT), Greg (VK2XE), President Rod (VK2ZZM), Yves (VK2AUJ in the back) and Ross (VK2FRET).

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/03/jmfd3.jpeg" caption="" %}

Andrew (VK2EAH) giving a briefing on the nearby attractions.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/03/jmfd4.jpeg" caption="" %}

In the back we have Tim (VK2BT), Andrew (VK2EAH) and Connie (VK2CON). In the foreground, Greg (VK2XE), Rod (VK2ZZM), Yves (VK2AUJ) and Ross (VK2FRET).

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/03/jmfd5.jpeg" caption="" %}

This is Kara.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/03/jmfd6.jpeg" caption="" %}

Kara's demonstrating a high-five to Greg (VK2XE), with Nick (VK2FS) on the left
and Declan on the right.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/03/jmfd7.jpeg" caption="" %}

Greg flying his drone.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/03/jmfd8.jpeg" caption="" %}

Zara (VK2FZYP) was the star, making her first QSO in the evening and then going on
to make most of the club's 229 contacts.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/03/jmfd9.jpeg" caption="" %}

As the light got low, we started preparing dinner. Heating up the 
[biji-barbi](https://biji-barbi.com.au/).
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/03/jmfd10.jpeg" caption="" %}

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/03/jmfd11.jpeg" caption="" %}

The next morning.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/03/jmfd12.jpeg" caption="" %}

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/03/jmfd13.jpeg" caption="" %}

An amazing amount of junk in President Rod's ute.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/03/jmfd14.jpeg" caption="" %}

Beautiful scenery on the return drive.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/03/jmfd15.jpeg" caption="" %}

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/03/jmfd16.jpeg" caption="" %}

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/03/jmfd17.jpeg" caption="" %}

Here is a panorama [(click here for a full sized version)](/assets/images/2020/03/jmfd18.jpeg),

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/03/jmfd18-small.jpeg" caption="" %}

which was taken at the location below.

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m14!1m8!1m3!1d28635.345329939555!2d151.32869964184536!3d-31.923808449930405!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x0%3A0x0!2zMzHCsDU1JzM0LjAiUyAxNTHCsDIwJzMxLjAiRQ!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sau!4v1584925487189!5m2!1sen!2sau" width="600" height="450" frameborder="0" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" aria-hidden="false" tabindex="0"></iframe>

The location itself was excellent. Being at 1500m in elevation and away from all interference (including mobile coverage), we had an extremely low noise floor. We were clearly heard all the way around Australia and New Zealand. Operating from about 
2-11pm with an Icom IC7300 transceiver, we used 40 Ah of an 80 Ah LiFePO4 battery.

Related posts include
* The club's post for this event <http://www.mwrs.org.au/2020/03/22/john-moyle-field-day-2020/> 
* My post on our participation in 2018 <http://phwl.org/2018/john-moyle-memorial-field-day-2018/> 
* The video below.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/szkRF45tKyQ" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

