---
author: phwl
comments: true
date: 2020-12-21 20:54:38 AEDT
title: Hawkesbury River 2020
classes: wide
categories:
- fishing
tags:
- hawkesbury
- australia
header:
  teaser: /assets/images/2020/12/IMG_7430.jpeg
---

As has been the custom for many years, I went for a camping/fishing
trip with high-school friend Warren on the Hawkesbury River (here
is a list of [previous trips](http://phwl.org/tags/#hawkesbury)).

<!-- more -->
The forecast was for rain so packed all the normal stuff plus
firewood.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/12/IMG_7341.jpeg" caption="" %}

Just after the entrance to the expressway, I noticed that the bimini was
not right.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/12/IMG_7344.jpeg" caption="" %}

Turns out the rivets had failed.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/12/IMG_7343.jpeg" caption="" %}

A quick field repair and we were on our way.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/12/IMG_7346.jpeg" caption="" %}
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/12/IMG_7347.jpeg" caption="" %}

Seems like every year we bring more stuff ...
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/12/IMG_7350.jpeg" caption="" %}

Due to bushfires, we could go last year. We came across an unexpected surprise. After years of camping here, we now need to book.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/12/IMG_7352.jpeg" caption="" %}

Fortunately, we could do it by mobile phone.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/12/IMG_7354.jpeg" caption="" %}

First cast, a school jew which was released.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/12/IMG_7355.jpeg" caption="" %}

Next, a yellowfin bream (acanthopagrus australis). They are a very slow growing
fish. See the second last figure in [this publication](/assets/images/2020/12/Yellowfin-Bream.pdf) reproduced below, and the Ochwada paper cited within. 
Large ones should be released.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/12/breamgrowth.png" caption="" %}

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/12/IMG_7357.jpeg" caption="" %}

We kept them alive in the live bait tank. After the session we decided to eat one and 
release the remaining two.
According to the table,
since the bottom one is about
24cm to the fork of the tail, it is about 5 years old. A
27cm bream would be 10 years old.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/12/IMG_7360.jpeg" caption="" %}

Sunset at camp.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/12/IMG_7362.jpeg" caption="" %}

Fish done in foil as is the usual custom.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/12/IMG_7364.jpeg" caption="" %}
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/12/IMG_7365.jpeg" caption="" %}

Used the bream gut as bait for eel fishing. We cast it out and put bells on
the rod so we could fish while cooking. After two hours, it hadn't been touched and I nearly gave up. 
Then, the bait was taken but no hookup. A few seconds after casting out
with a new bait, caught a nice pike eel.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/12/IMG_7367.jpeg" caption="" %}

It looked like it was dead so I took my pliers and was going to unhook
the eel. In a flash, it swung its head around and bit me on the thumb.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/12/IMG_7370.jpeg" caption="" %}

I was lucky to have a nice lip hook, it would have easily bit through my
6 kg monofilament trace. Anyway, I emerged as the victor!
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/12/IMG_7375.jpeg" caption="" %}

Came across removalists for Bar Point.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/12/IMG_7387.jpeg" caption="" %}

Hearty breakfast.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/12/IMG_7397.jpeg" caption="" %}

Monitor lizards are becoming less and less wary of people.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/12/IMG_7430.jpeg" caption="" %}

Splitting firewood.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/12/IMG_7441.jpeg" caption="" %}

Warren with a personal best pufferfish.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/12/IMG_7457.jpeg" caption="" %}

To prepare steamed eel, you first cover it with salt and wash off the slime. Then
you cut it like below.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/12/IMG_7389.jpeg" caption="" %}
Black bean sauce.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/12/IMG_7391.jpeg" caption="" %}

Steamed.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2020/12/IMG_7394.jpeg" caption="" %}
Unfortunately, the eel tasted terrible! Will try barbecuing the next one.
