---
author: phwl
comments: true
date: 2022-01-01 12:08:00 AEDT
title: Trip to Eden
categories:
- travel
tags:
- australia
header:
  teaser: /assets/images/2022/01/IMG_8889.jpeg
---

This was planned as a family trip but Nicole was a COVID close contact 
the day prior to departure so couldn't participate.

Eden is on the New South Wales Sapphire Coast and it is easy to see how it got its name.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2022/01/IMG_8845.jpeg" caption="" %}

Had oysters at Merimbula Gormet Oysters. It is right on the oyster farm and they are very fresh but not much else to eat there.


{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2022/01/IMG_8852.jpeg" caption="" %}

You can see the oyster racks in the background.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2022/01/IMG_8854.jpeg" caption="" %}

[Wheelers Seafood Restaurant](https://www.wheelersoysters.com.au/) in Pambula is much better. The fried scallops were excellent.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2022/01/IMG_8870.jpeg" caption="" %}


This is the Nullica River near the mouth.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2022/01/IMG_8867.jpeg" caption="" %}

On New Years Eve, we went to Merimbula.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2022/01/IMG_8885.jpeg" caption="" %}

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2022/01/IMG_8889.jpeg" caption="" %}

Went to Quarantine Bay which is appropriately named for the COVID-19 pandemic.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2022/01/quarantinebay.jpeg" caption="" %}
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2022/01/IMG_8919.jpeg" caption="" %}

Tested our new [Terravent Kayak](https://www.alibaba.com/product-detail/Dropshipping-Terravent-3M-Cheap-Foldable-Canoe_1600341317061.html).
It fits easily in the rear footwell of our car and this photo shows
the entire package, with 4 piece oars and life jacket in the dry bag.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2022/01/IMG_8900.jpeg" caption="" %}

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2022/01/IMG_8915.jpeg" caption="" %}
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2022/01/IMG_8912.jpeg" caption="" %}

Kayak is pretty stable and fast for a short and stable kayak. I think much of this comes from its light weight.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2022/01/IMG_8909.jpeg" caption="" %}

Went for a fish at Eden Wharf and got quite a mixed bag, clockwise from top left: snapper, flounder, stingray and pike (all released).

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2022/01/IMG_8133.jpeg" caption="" %}

Sat through a massive traffic jam on our return trip. Here's the car that was involved.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/2022/01/IMG_8936.jpg" caption="" %}
